1. Added the click listener to the first article (Crypto Influencers)in Articles section for desktop view
2. Added the click listener to the second article (How to Build) in Articles section for desktop view
3. Added the click listener to the third article (Storytelling in Crypto) in Articles section for desktop view
4. Added the click event to the Articles section "Read More Articles" button for desktop view
5. Implemented the feature in desktop view to navigate the user back to the home screen when user clicks on the navbar OCV logo for the 
desktop view screens - Teams page, Contact page, home page and gov advisory page
6. Implemented the feature in mobile view to navigate the user back to the home screen when user clicks on the navbar OCV logo for the 
desktop view screens - Teams page, Contact page, home page and gov advisory page
7. Fixed the "Trusted By" section width issue, moved it to the left to adjust in the screen
8. Updated the text for the Teams>Laura expertise section for the desktop view
9. Updated the text for the Teams>Laura expertise section for the mobile view
10. Updated the contact us title from "We are here for you! How can we help?" to "How can we help" for the desktop view
11. Updated the contact us title from "We are here for you! How can we help?" to "How can we help" for the mobile view


12. Implemented the backend code - Set up the backend database
13. Linked the backend with the database to store the details
14. Added frontend functionality code to send the request from frontend to the backend
15. Added backend code to receive the request from the frontend, and further extract the form details from the request, 
and make a request to store it in the backend
16. Verified the entire flow and it was working correctly. 

The flow -> 
Step 1. User fills the form in contact us -> 
Step 2. The frontend makes an API call to send the form details to the backend ->
Step 3. Backend receives the form details and further sends it to the database ->
Step 4. Database stores the user details for eternity

17. Deploying the backend code and using the deployed backend URL in the frontend
18. Depoying the frontend code to the latest godaddy domain by linking the DNS details, for the latest changes to reflect